This folder contains scripts enabling Desktop+ to gain higher access rights.
The scripts are provided for convenience. Changes made by these scripts are inherently unsafe due to SteamVR running from an
user-writable location among other things.

! Use your own judgment before running any of them. Don't use them if you don't know what you're doing.
! The author of Desktop+ shall not be liable for any damage caused by the use of these scripts.

The .ps1 PowerShell scripts require to be run as administrator. The .bat files will try do that for you, so it's recommended to
use those instead.
Make sure Desktop+ is not running before executing them.


CreateElevatedTask.ps1:
-
Creates a scheduled task to enable use of Desktop+'s elevated mode.
Elevated mode allows inputs and actions to be executed with administrator privileges, getting around most restrictions of User
Interface Privilege Isolation (UIPI), which it is subject to otherwise.
After running this script, elevated mode can be accessed via [Misc|Troubleshooting|Desktop+: Enter Elevated Mode].
If you move Desktop+'s files, the scheduled task will break but the button remains. Re-run the script to fix this.

Note that actions launching applications will run them with the same privileges as Desktop+, so be careful if you don't intend
them to have administrator rights.
Leave elevated mode again as soon as possible.


EnableUIAccess.ps1:
-
Enables UIAccess rights for Desktop+ to lift interaction restrictions with higher privileged applications and UAC prompts.
This is done by signing the DesktopPlus.exe executable with a self-signed certificate, using a different side-by-side manifest
and changing group policies if needed.

Compared to elevated mode, this enables Desktop+ to simulate input on any applications, including UAC prompts, at any time while
not running with administrator privileges.
This script needs to be run again after Desktop+ has been updated or otherwise modified.

The following group policy is changed by the script:
- "User Account Control: Only elevate UIAccess applications that are installed in secure locations" (set to 0) (only if needed)

In order for Desktop+ to be able to mirror and interact with UAC prompts, the UAC level has to be lowered to not display the
prompts on the secure desktop ("do not dim my desktop").
The elevated scheduled task has to be recreated after enabling UIAccess for the first time or entering elevated mode will fail.


UndoSystemChanges.ps1:
-
Reverts system-wide changes made by above scripts.
The script does not revert changes made to group policies as it may impact other applications.